We'll come back.
We have a bit of a bonus.
Exercise.
Now you can skip over this exercise because it is a little advanced and you most likely won't encounter
it in an interview.
But for those who are curious that is how to implement the Remove method in here.
If we want to remove an item from a tree how would we go about doing it.
Now if you want to try to implement this I want to give you a heads up the best way for you to visualize
and see what steps we need to do is to go back to visual go make sure that you move the speed to the
slowest So you see what's happening and you start removing some notes to see what the logic is.
And removing notes some steps are really easy.
If we wanted to remove one for example is what we simply traverse and find one and just remove it.
But then there's other cases that gets really complicated such as What do we do when we remove 51 well.
If I click play here and say remove 51 Well you'll see that we're going to start traversing to find
51 and notice what happens when we find 51.
We actually keep going to 55 and then we keep going to 54.
And once since we split things and move 54 up.
And I know that's really really confusing.
You might want to do this a couple of times to see what the logic is.
But essentially what we're doing is we're finding where we want to replace going to the right of it
then the left and placing that left item to the top.
Like I said this is going to be a little bit advanced
but if you want to challenge yourself using the visual go animation try to figure out how to implement
your own remove method.
And then the next video I'll show you my solution and go over the steps that we take for this to work.
I'll see in the next one.